1.
Self-reported measurements for task performance can sometimes differ from objectively measured values. This is due to
the subjective perception of the experiment by each participant. Therefore, it is recommended to use a mixture of the
two and thus achieve a balanced result.

2.
The advantages of a research hypothesis include its close connection to theory. Thus, they help to summarize previous
work and thus provide an orientation to motivate and design one's own work. In addition, their structure can help to
report an experiment more easily. They help to formulate a research question by bringing clarity to the research issue.

Limitations of research hypotheses are the biases they can create. They make you focus on a particular issue. Thus
they can be an obstacle for other interesting results, because one concentrates too much only on the hypotheses.
Moreover, one runs the risk of formulating the null hypothesis only so that one can reject it. However, one could
sometimes conclude more interesting results if something is wrong and thus benefit from it to learn from it.

3.
Testing is a very important part of studies and participants must be selected very carefully. In general, participants
should always be diverse, with different backgrounds, knowledge and fields of interest and of course both men and
women from different age groups. This is to ensure that the study is not falsified by overly biased subjects and that
the final product can be used by as many people as possible. For example informatics students, including media
informatics students are familiar with technic, computers and programming and therefore have more experience and a
greater knowledge in that field as other students.
If you test an application which would be mainly used by (media) computer scientists, than there would be an advantage
with testing only them. They would probably have a similar knowledge and therefore you could start right away with
more complicated tests without explaining basic techniques, as this knowledge can be taken for granted and thus get
results faster. Limitations are that there are also differences in computer scientists and therefore errors or
difficulties can be overlooked.
One example for a study where it won’t be problematic to test only media informatics students is an application to
for example track the input in an development environment and then offer user help with errors and even fade in help
for the respective error. These applications are mainly used by informatic students which is why the future user group
can be easily narrowed down. Why should you test participants from other study programs if they would barely use these
applications? But the most important point is that it is not profitable to test such an application on a large scale
if the future users are mostly from one field of expertise. Most errors and problems will be found during tests with
these participants and therefore at the end you will have a useful and mainly bug free application which will work
perfectly with it’s target group.
It is different, if someone would like to do a study on a topic that affects a larger target group and needs to be
tested by a broader sample of participants as for example a map application. Maps are used by people of all ages,
gender and background. Therefore, it is not sufficient to test only students of a certain study program or even only
students in general. Older people might have very different problems while using this application than younger people.
Participants under the age of 18 might predominantly use the app to figure out how to walk or cycle from one place to
another while older participants might use a car and therefore need a map of streets instead of a map of pedestrian
routes. Also very important is the UI. Younger people in particular are generally more accustomed to using mobile
devices or computers than older population groups, which is why more prior knowledge can be assumed among them.
Therefore studies should include a broad sample of different age groups as otherwise some future user might not know
how to use the application and are excluded from using it.
In general the key to a successful study is to find the target group and test accordingly to get the broadest possible
opinion and to discover as many errors and problems as possible. If the target group can be easily narrowed down, it
is fine to test only a small, specific number of subjects, as this can yield good results. In most cases however, it is
best to test as large a sample as possible from as large an environment as possible in order to detect any errors or
problems early on and thus achieve good results in the end.
